---
layout: post
title:  "2025: Reflections and Wins"
date:   2025-12-31 00:00:00 +000
category: recap
comments_id: 14
carousels:
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/dolomites.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/dolomites-1.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/dolomites-2.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/refugio.jpg"
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/scotland.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/edinburgh.jpg"
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/big-ben.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/convent-garden.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/london-bus.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/london-eye.jpg"
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/bank.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/harry-potter-platform.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/harry-potter-staircase.jpg"
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/octoberfest.png"
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/warsaw-1.jpg"
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/krakow.jpg"
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/house_web.mp4"
  - images:
      - image: "/coding-tapri/assets/images/recap-2025/family.jpg"
---

Here I am with one more year-end reflection. This year also passed by a blink of an eye. I traveled a lot, explored a lot of new stuff 
and spent good time with family. Every year now brings new challenges, new opportunities and a new way of looking at life. This year was 
definitely tough and so was I 💪. 

<!--more-->

I started the arranged marriage process, its a draining process with a lot of 
societal expectations. Lets see how it goes! This year I took a lot of selfies and photos, not camera shy anymore.



The most memorable moment was hiking through the Dolomites, from one hut to another and had delicious Sphaghetti, the plain Italian
Sphaghetti tastes better than the spicy Indian one. And looking at the Italian marble mountains was mesmerizing. And I won't forget my
excitement of seeing the Harry Potter Shooting Museum, will be one of the best memory for life. 


### Travel
The Dolomites and the trip to Scotland were the highlights. It was my first time doing multi-day hikes, and the experience was unforgettable. 
The landscape was stunning, especially the Italian, marble-like mountains that glowed brightly in the sun. There was something incredibly serene about watching sunlight wash over the peaks. 
On the final day, we hiked up to a mountain hut in the rain, which made the experience even more thrilling. 
The sound of rainfall, small streams running along the trail, and mountains rising on both sides—what more does a person need?

{% include carousel.html height="140" unit="%" duration="7" number="1" %}
<br>


The Scotland trip was very different. To me, it felt almost deserted, with Edinburgh’s gothic vibes and quiet, old towns. 
Surprisingly, we found great Indian food—I never expected to see restaurants serving naan there. For an Aquaphile like me, 
it felt like heaven. We stayed in a luxurious hotel, and it truly felt like a dream come true.

{% include carousel.html height="50" unit="%" duration="7" number="2" %}
<br>


The big double decker buses in London, the familiar street names and good Indian food in London are unforgettable. I totally understand the
hype behind Big Ben, the intrinsic design is impressive .One of the market in London reminded me of Sarojini Nagar, with narrow shops and a busy crowd. 
The shopkeeper was literally handing out food for tasting and speaking in Hindi, I haven't seen such energy in any country other than India.

{% include carousel.html height="140" unit="%" duration="7" number="3" %}
<br>

Seeing the diagon alley, bank, the Great Hall, Mandrake Potting, and the three storey bus was simply amazing.

{% include carousel.html height="80" unit="%" duration="27" number="4" %}
<br>

The Octoberfest was vibrant, everyone was dancing and having a great time. Made some nice memories.

{% include carousel.html height="140" unit="%" duration="27" number="5" %}
<br>


### Conference


I presented the Fraud Networks work along with Rajat at the Big data conference in Poland. It was a great experience to present
our and work and we got good response from the audience. We stayed in a fully paid 5 star hotel!, one more dream come true. Later
we traveled to Krakow, a beautiful city with a lof of history.

{% include carousel.html height="80" unit="%" duration="7" number="6" %}
<br>


### Home

The dream home is finally complete, Woooohooooo!. It turned out to be so beautiful and we are so happy. Papa has worked
a lot to make it true. Everything in the house is so fine, I am super excited to live there. 

{% include carousel.html height="90" unit="%" duration="7" number="7" %}
<br>


### Friends and Family

Spent a good amout of time with family. I am happy that I convinced my parents to start consulting a Dietitian. 
Attended Pooja's and Vishal's wedding. Vishal's weeding was super beautiful in a resort like place.

{% include carousel.html height="80" unit="%" duration="7" number="8" %}
<br>


